Update pyproject.md (#2829)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/pyproject.md

Here, we will have the `poetry` script installed which will execute `console.run` in the `poetry` package.

> When developing, run `poetry install` after editing the `scripts` section, to install the scripts in the virtualenv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!note

    When a script is added or updated, run `poetry install` to make them available in the project's virtualenv.
```
